Java-Ecosystem/Java/java-commands.md, before:

# List all versions of JVM in Mac
`/usr/libexec/java_home -V`

# Find location of specific version of Java
`/usr/libexec/java_home -v 1.8`

# Install specific Java version
`brew install openjdk@version`
Eg: `brew install openjdk@17`

# Change JDK
Copy the below code in .bash_profile
```
jdk() {
        version=$1
        export JAVA_HOME=$(/usr/libexec/java_home -v"$version");
        java -version
 }
 ```

 `source ~/.bash_profile`

 `jdk <version>`

 Eg: `jdk 11`

 

# Command Line Tools
## jar
- jar combines multiple files into a single JAR archive file
- jar is a general-purpose archiving and compression tool, based on ZIP and the ZLIB compression format
- jar files are downloaded by a java agent (like a browser) in a single HTTP transaction, rather than requiring a new connection for each piece. This dramatically improves download times. jar also compresses files and so further improves download time
- E.g `jar cf test.jar *.class`

## jmod
- The jmod tool is intended for modules that have native libraries or other configuration files or for modules that you intend to link, with the jlink tool, to a runtime image
- The JMOD file format lets you aggregate files other than .class files, metadata, and resources
- This format is transportable but not executable, which means that you can use it during compile time or link time but not at run time
Eg: ``jmod create --class-path mods/com.greetings --cmds commands
  --config configfiles --header-files src/h --libs lib
  --main-class com.greetings.Main --man-pages man --module-version 1.0
  --os-arch "x86_x64" --os-name "Mac OS X"
  --os-version "10.10.5" greetingsmod
  ``

## jlink
- The jlink tool links a set of modules, along with their transitive dependencies, to create a custom runtime image

## jcmd


## jconsole


## Miscellaneous
- List java modules : `java --list-modules`

Commit message:

Adding steps for installing early release jdk

Java-Ecosystem/Java/java-commands.md, after:

# List all versions of JVM in Mac
`/usr/libexec/java_home -V`

# Find location of specific version of Java
`/usr/libexec/java_home -v 1.8`

# Install specific Java version
`brew install openjdk@version`
Eg: `brew install openjdk@17`

# Change JDK
Copy the below code in .bash_profile
```
jdk() {
        version=$1
        export JAVA_HOME=$(/usr/libexec/java_home -v"$version");
        java -version
 }
 ```

 `source ~/.bash_profile`

 `jdk <version>`

 Eg: `jdk 11`

 
# Installing an Early Java Release
Download all the cask:`brew tap homebrew/cask-versions`
Check the info about the cask:`brew info --cask  java-beta`
Install the cask:`brew install --cask  java-beta`

# Command Line Tools
## jar
- jar combines multiple files into a single JAR archive file
- jar is a general-purpose archiving and compression tool, based on ZIP and the ZLIB compression format
- jar files are downloaded by a java agent (like a browser) in a single HTTP transaction, rather than requiring a new connection for each piece. This dramatically improves download times. jar also compresses files and so further improves download time
- E.g `jar cf test.jar *.class`

## jmod
- The jmod tool is intended for modules that have native libraries or other configuration files or for modules that you intend to link, with the jlink tool, to a runtime image
- The JMOD file format lets you aggregate files other than .class files, metadata, and resources
- This format is transportable but not executable, which means that you can use it during compile time or link time but not at run time
Eg: ``jmod create --class-path mods/com.greetings --cmds commands
  --config configfiles --header-files src/h --libs lib
  --main-class com.greetings.Main --man-pages man --module-version 1.0
  --os-arch "x86_x64" --os-name "Mac OS X"
  --os-version "10.10.5" greetingsmod
  ``

## jlink
- The jlink tool links a set of modules, along with their transitive dependencies, to create a custom runtime image

## jcmd


## jconsole


## Miscellaneous
- List java modules : `java --list-modules`
